redesign and make 3.1 ready (#7)
ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-icp-ibmcloud: README.md

# Terraform ICP IBM Cloud

This repository contains a collection of Terraform templates. The Terraform example configurations uses the [IBM Cloud  provider](https://ibm-cloud.github.io/tf-ibm-docs/index.html) to provision virtual machines on IBM Cloud Infrastructure (SoftLayer)

> and [Terraform Module ICP Deploy](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-module-icp-deploy) to prepare VSIs and deploy [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud-computing/products/ibm-cloud-private/) on them in. These Terraform template automates best practices learned from installing ICP on IBM Cloud Infrastructure.

Reviewer: Minor typos.
```suggestion
and [Terraform Module ICP Deploy](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/terraform-module-icp-deploy) to prepare VSIs and deploy [IBM Cloud Private](https://www.ibm.com/cloud-computing/products/ibm-cloud-private/) on them. These Terraform templates automate best practices learned from installing ICP on IBM Cloud Infrastructure.
```

## Pre-requisites

* Working copy of [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/intro/getting-started/install.html)
  * As of this writing, IBM Cloud Terraform provider is not in the main Terraform repository and must be installed manually.  See [these steps](https://ibm-cloud.github.io/tf-ibm-docs/index.html#using-terraform-with-the-ibm-cloud-provider).  We tested this automation script against v0.9.1 of the Terraform provider.

> * Select a template that most closely match your desired target environment from the [available templates](templates)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Select a template that most closely matches your desired target environment from the [available templates](templates)
```
